feat: Add new Column Management Modal component (#129)
patternfly/react-component-groups: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/ColumnManagementModal/ColumnManagementModal.md

# Tab (react | react-demos | html | html-demos | design-guidelines | accessibility)
source: react
# If you use typescript, the name of the interface to display props for
# These are found through the sourceProps function provided in patternfly-docs.source.js
propComponents: ['ColumnManagementModal']
sourceLink: https://github.com/patternfly/react-component-groups/blob/main/packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/ColumnManagementModal/ColumnManagementModal.md
---

import ColumnManagementModal from '@patternfly/react-component-groups/dist/dynamic/ColumnManagementModal';

The **column management modal** component can be used to implement customizable table columns. Columns can be configured to be enabled or disabled by default or be unhidable.

## Examples

### Showing and hiding of table columns

Clicking the "Manage columns" button will open the column management modal. The "ID" column should not be toggleable, therefore its checkbox is disabled with `isUntoggleable: true`. "Score" column is set to be hidden by default. Always make sure to set `isShownByDefault` and `isShown` to the same boolean value in the initial state.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further customization, you can utilize all properties of the [modal component](/components/modal), with the exception of `ref`.
```

> Clicking the "Manage columns" button will open the column management modal. The "CVE ID" column is set to unhideable with `isAlwaysShown: true`, therefore its checkbox is disabled. "CVSS base score" column is set to be hidden by default. Always make sure to set `isShownByDefault` and `isShown` to the same boolean value in the initial state.

Reviewer: > Always make sure to set `isShownByDefault` and `isShown` to the same boolean value in the initial state.
Why is this necessary? 

I assume that the `isShownByDefault` value is some kind of shared preset for all users and given view (what is recommended and what the user sees when loads the view for the very first time), right? Then we can always prioritize the `isShown` value and use the default one only if `isShown` is not present or to reset the configuration.

Author: Yes, your assumption is correct, we do prioritize `isShown` above `isShownByDefault`, the only consequence of breaking this rule:
> Always make sure to set isShownByDefault and isShown to the same boolean value in the initial state.

Would be that initial column selection after page load would differ from what is selected after clicking "Reset to default", since reset to default uses `isShownByDefault` and initial page load (and every subsequent opening of the modal) uses `isShown`.

Reviewer: Ah, ok, that's fine then. Thank you 🙂

> Clicking the "Manage columns" button will open the column management modal. The "ID" column should not be toggleable, therefore its checkbox is disabled with `isUntoggleable: true`. "Score" column is set to be hidden by default. Always make sure to set `isShownByDefault` and `isShown` to the same boolean value in the initial state.
> For further customization, you can utilize all properties of the [modal component](/components/modal), with the exception of `ref`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the "Manage columns" button will open the column management modal. The "ID" column should not be toggleable, therefore its checkbox is disabled with `isUntoggleable: true`. The "Score" column is set to be hidden by default. Always make sure to set `isShownByDefault` and `isShown` to the same boolean value in the initial state. For further customization, you can utilize all properties of the [modal component](/components/modal), except `ref` and `children`.
```
